Responsive grid patterns (#4933)
canonical/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/grid/index.md

> There are some special classes to help you build [common layout patterns](/docs/layouts/brochure). Instead of deciding how many columns each element should use for different screen sizes, use one of these classes on the grid container, and the child elements will be arranged automatically as long as they have the `col` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of  the regular row and column classes, we provide shortcut classes to help you build [often used layouts](/docs/layouts/brochure). Instead of specifying columns at each breakpoint, use one of these classes on the grid container, and the child elements will be arranged automatically as long as they have the `col` class.

N.B.: the shortcut classes are not nestable. If you need further subdivision inside a shortcut class, please use the regular grid classes. Take care to specify a number of columns that is available (e.g. 3 columns in a 25% container, 6 columns in a 50% container, etc). Specifying more columns than are available leads to misalignemnts.
```

|                         | Large screens | Medium screens | Small screens   |
| ----------------------- | ------------- | -------------- | --------------- |
| `.row--50-50`           | 50/50         | 50/50          | 100/100         |
| `.row--50-50-on-medium` | -             | 50/50          | -               |
| `.row--50-50-on-large`  | 50/50         | -              | -               |
| `.row--25-75`           | 25/75         | 33/66          | 100/100         |
| `.row--25-75-on-medium` | -             | 33/66          | -               |
| `.row--25-75-on-large`  | 25/75         | -              | -               |
| `.row--25-25-50`        | 25/25/50      | 50/50/100      | 100/100/100     |
| `.row--25-25-25-25`     | 25/25/25/25   | 50/50/50/50    | 100/100/100/100 |

<div class="p-notification--caution">
  <div class="p-notification__content">
    <h5 class="p-notification__title">Nesting</h5>
    <p class="p-notification__message">

>       These common patterns are meant for top level rows only and are <b>not intended to be nested</b>. You should not nest <code>row--50-50</code> inside another column.

Reviewer 2: Isn't `<strong>` more semantically correct?

Author: ```suggestion
      These common patterns are meant for top level rows only and are <strong>not intended to be nested</strong>. You should not nest <code>row--50-50</code> inside another column.
```
